Created CONTRIBUTOR.md file (#127)
bom-squad/protobom: CONTRIBUTOR.md

# Contributing to BOM Squad

> We welcome contributions to the BOM Squad project! By participating in this project, you agree to abide by the [Code of Conduct](code-of-conduct.md).

Reviewer: `bom-squad` is the GitHub oganization. `protobom` is the specific project.

Author: Done

## Getting Started

> To contribute to the BOM Squad repository, follow these steps:

Reviewer: Same thing as above. `protobom` is the repository.

Author: done

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch for your contribution:
   ```
   git checkout -b feature/new-feature
   ```
3. Make your desired changes to the codebase.
4. Commit your changes with a descriptive commit message.
5. Push your branch to your forked repository:
   ```
   git push origin feature/new-feature
   ```

> 6. Open a pull request against the `main` branch of the BOM Squad repository.

Reviewer: Same as above. `protobom` is the repository.

Author: done

## Development Guide

> For detailed information on setting up your development environment and contributing to the BOM Squad project, please refer to the [Development Guide](/docs/development.md).

Reviewer: Are there development docs yet? If not, perhaps just add the word "forthcoming."

Author: There is a developer.md file, though I am sure it could use some updating. 
```
# Development

### Development Container

1. Docker / Podman
2. VSCode (or other supported IDE)
3. Remote-Containers [extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers)

### Native

1. Go 1.20+
2. Make

## Getting Started

First, clone this repository and make sure you have your enviornment all setup. </br>
For support IDEs users, you can simply run this project in a container (aka devcontainer): </br>

The option would be available once you install the recommended extension. </br>

See more details [here](https://containers.dev/supporting)
```

## Code Style

We strive to maintain a consistent code style throughout the project. When contributing to the Go library, please ensure your code follows the following guidelines:

> - Use meaningful variable and function names following the camel case convention (`myVariable`, `myFunction`).

Reviewer: I defer to true Go programmers here. @puerco, @manifestori, @houdini91. Any thoughts here?

Reviewer 2: Sounds good to me 👍

- Write clear and concise comments to describe your code's purpose and functionality.
- Adhere to the official Go formatting guidelines by running `gofmt` or using an editor that automatically formats your code.
- Follow the best practices and idiomatic style described in [Effective Go](https://golang.org/doc/effective_go.html).

## Testing

> We highly encourage writing tests for new features and bug fixes. This ensures the stability and reliability of the codebase. Reference [README.md](test/conformance/README.md) for conformance testing. 

Reviewer 2: Conformance tests are separate from unit/integration tests. Perhaps we should go into what each does (happy to help adding some blurb here)

Author: Should there be test/unit_testing/README.md added to the repo? All I see under testing is conformance.

Reviewer 2: Not really, I think the regular tests should be what regular go contributors expect. The conformance tests are about ensuring the integrity of the data, which is why we keep a separate README. Just mentioning in the contributing.md file that we strive to keep our test coverage high so please add tests to any functions you introduce should be enough.  That and a link to the conformance testing.

## Issue Tracker

> If you encounter any issues or have suggestions for improvements, please open an issue on the [issue tracker](https://github.com/bom-squad/issues).

Reviewer: I would use the issues link for the `protobom` project, not for the overall GitHub organization.

Author: done

## License

> By contributing to the BOM Squad project, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Reviewer: I think this project is Apache 2.0. Can you please double-check?

Author: Updated

> By contributing to the BOM Squad project, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under the [Apache 2.0 License](LICENSE).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By contributing to the protobom project, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under the [Apache 2.0 License](LICENSE).
```

Reviewer 2: This should also mention that commits need to have a signoff, at some point we will run a DCO check.
